docs: updates README (#1740)
terrestris/shogun-gis-client: README.md

| featureEditRoles.authorizedRolesForUpdate | The list of role names the feature editing tools including the update options should be allowed/visible to (note: this is the client evaluation only!). String and regular expressions are supported.    | []                  |
| featureEditRoles.authorizedRolesForDelete | The list of role names the feature editing tools including the delete options should be allowed/visible to (note: this is the client evaluation only!). String and regular expressions are supported.    | []                  |
| wfsLockFeatureEnabled | Whether WFS LockFeature is enabled during feature editing or not.                                                                                                                                        | false               |

> | documentationButtonVisible | Whether the SHOGun documentation button is enabled or not. | true                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| documentationButtonVisible | Whether the button in the user menu to open the documentation is visible or not. | true                |
```

> | documentationButtonVisible | Whether the SHOGun documentation button is enabaled or not. | true                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| documentationButtonVisible | Whether the SHOGun documentation button is enabled or not. | true                |
```
